Add Flagsmith as feature flag provider (#14126)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/organization/integrations/feature-flag/flagsmith/index.mdx

---
title: Flagsmith
sidebar_order: 2
description: Learn about Sentry's Flagsmith integrations.
---

## Evaluation Tracking

Sentry can track flag evaluations as they happen within your application.  Flag evaluations will appear in the "Feature Flag" section of the Issue Details page as a table, with "suspect" flag predictions highlighted in yellow. Learn more about how to interact with feature flag insights within the Sentry UI by reading the [Issue Details page documentation](/product/issues/issue-details/#feature-flags).

### Set Up Evaluation Tracking

To set up evaluation tracking, visit one of our supported languages pages:
* [JavaScript](/platforms/javascript/configuration/integrations/flagsmith/)

> * [Python](/platforms/python/integrations/feature-flags/flagsmith/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Python](/platforms/python/integrations/flagsmith/)
```
This is an outdated path pattern we have redirects for

## Change Tracking

Sentry can track changes to feature flag definitions and report suspicious feature flag edits.

### Set Up Change Tracking

Enabling Change Tracking is a three-step process. To get started, visit the [feature flags settings page](https://sentry.io/orgredirect/organizations/:orgslug/settings/feature-flags/change-tracking/) in a new tab. Then follow the steps listed below.

1. **Click the "Add New Provider" button.**
    - One webhook secret can be registered per provider type.
    - Select Generic in the dropdown that says "Select a provider".
2. **Register the webhook URL**.
    ![Flagsmith Sentry Webhook Modal](./img/flagsmith-sentry-webhook-modal.png)
    - Go to your Flagsmith project dashboard and navigate to the `/project/:projectid/integrations` page, which can be found by clicking "Integrations" on the top navigation bar.
    - Find the Sentry option, and click "Add Integration", which will open a modal.
    - Select the Environment from which flag change events will trigger.

>     - Copy the provided Sentry webhook URL and paste it into "Webhook URL" in the Flagsmith "Sentry Integration" modal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Copy the webhook URL from Sentry settings and paste it into "Webhook URL" in the Flagsmith "Sentry Integration" modal.
```

Author: 97868b5054a63ed3f3b07c5a31553349f2bbc99b — I'm not sure it fits well in other occurrences but the consistency looks good. Feel free to resolve this thread if you agree, or let me know your thoughts!

Reviewer: thank you!

3. **Set the Signing Secret**.

>     - Still in the Flagsmith "Sentry Integration" modal, type in any string between 10 and 60 characters to use as your authorization token ("secret").

Reviewer: This requires a secret validator update https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/pull/94721
cc @cmanallen
